This is so many years by kindness and joy, and had this great opportunity to do this practice in
this big city, again, again, again, again.
It's the same practice, the same meditation, but again, to remind you of this practice, this is one
of the very important and special practices that Vajrayana teaching offers.
And Vajrayana teaching has so many skillful means practices, as many of you already heard and know
that.
Why Vajrayana is so important and so special? Because this teaching is more skillful means
practices, therefore it is swept to reach the enlightenment.
That also means it is swept to remove all obscurations, obstacles, diseases, sickness, and hind
rance for enlightenment, and then it has also senses a lot of skill means it is also easy approach
to the enlightenment,
without doing too many harsh ascetic practices. For those reasons, there are six or five different
specialties of Vajrayana teachings.
So, this is that Vajrayana teachings. And Vajrayana teaching has also many different sections, as
many of you know, those are the outer and inner tantra, and so forth.
This teaching is inner tantra teachings.
Inner Tantra teaching is also divided as the Father Tantra, Mother Tantra, and Neutral Tantras, or
Mahayoga Tantra, Anu-Yoga Tantra, or Ati-Yoga Tantra divisions.
This teaching is best on the Mahayoga teaching or the Father Tantra, and combined with the Anu and
Ati teaching, all the Mother Tantra and Neutral Tantra, all combined,
we have targeted one single stage that we can practice easily, approach, and bring forth the
relaxation.
And Vajrayana teaching is also not only looking externally, but also is looking inwardly to
discover the innate nature, and as well as externally, every day as enlightenment status.
So, this is one of those very special practices.
In Vajrayana teaching, as many skillful means practices, among that skillful means, all those skill
ful means practices, and Pāyār pūjā or the Yajā is one of the very powerful practices.
And Pāyār pūjā or the Yajā practices are best on the poor activities of the Buddhas, or the in
-life activities, or the bodhijata activities.
Those poor activities, what are generally desirable things in the samsara that what we are looking
for, what like to be removed, the hindrance, the obstacles, those are known as the pacifying
practices.
Pacifying practices or pacifying actions, increasing actions, subjugation actions, and then magnet
izing actions.
So, those are the poor actions, and that is something that we like to remove, this is called pac
ifying, we like to remove, and release, and something that we desire to increase, and that's the
increasing actions, something that we like to have with us, not go away, that is the magnetizing.
Something that we like to be overpowered, or completely subdued, that is called subjugation
practice.
So, what is this time? And as we join, these prayers is a task that is unique, we are joining every
time, it is mentioned clearly, and we like to pacify first.
What we like to pacify, first is all the obstacles, obstacles, and obstacles are coming because of
obscurations, obscurations are not coming without any, what's called, cause and conditions.
Everything has a cause and everything has conditions, nothing is happening without a cause and
condition by itself. The obscurations are handedness, obscurations, that's what the Buddha said,
cause of sufferings, the cause of suffering, that we like to be removed, triggered with suffering
itself, that we like to be removed.
So, cause of suffering, the obscurations, that is the Vadhyana teaching, a general in the Buddha's
teaching, terminology used as obscurations, that we like to be removed.
And what are obscurations? Obscurations is to simply explain, is the ignorance, the dullness mind,
the ignorance, blockage, unknowing, unseen, can't figure out exactly, dilemmas, we can't see any
further than the right in front of us.
Relistantly talking, we can't see any, even in front, we just look only to our direction, whatever
that we see, and we can't see anything surrounding. That is called ignorance. Ignorance, we don't
see name.
Because of that dullness, then we created so many other activities, that thinking is good for us,
we created attachment activities, anger activities, jealous activities, arrogant activities, always
thinking there is something good for us.
But yet, it is undermining, is removing our joy, peace, carrying away, peace by peace, peace by
peace.
That obscuration, we like to be removed, we like to pacify it. And when we remove that, what is
bring back? The wisdom, opposite of the ignorance is the wisdom, awareness, understanding.
Let's shine the wisdom through us, us, so that we can see clearly our directions, even we don't see
everywhere, but at least our destination, our direction, our purpose, our journey.
Seeing that, bring up that realization is called wisdom understand, bring the wisdom. When we have
the wisdom activities, then naturally all those activities of the anger, activities of the
attachment, activities of the jealous and the hated,
and arrogance goes away. Because we won't do something that unhealthy things, when we know clearly
it is, and our understanding.
So therefore, what we pacify, we pacify all those obscurations.
In the Buddha's yandere terminology as used, the cause of suffering, that is what we glorify, that
must be removed. And then, together with it, suffering itself.
Suffering, sadness, difficulties, obstacles, hindrance, unwilling, kind of wicked things, whatever
we have, those were removed, whatever that, so that is pacify.
And then increasing, one way increasing, increasing of the joy, peace, happiness, and then real
izations, understandings.
And this is again, not just focused ourselves, since we are Varyana practitioners, that means we
are like super-duper Mahayana practitioners.
That's truly bigger. It's not just Sutra Mahayana practicing, Varyana means the whole sum, whole
practice of Varyana teaching.
So therefore, we really wish this to all the sentient beings, sincerely from our bottom of heart,
with joy, peace, happiness.
Not just surviving joy, peace, happiness, but we intensify, increase the joy and peace. That's
called increasing prosperity, joy, peace, happiness, realizations, understandings, respect and
appreciation.
Versus them shine through their mind and not block them. Buddha nature is what everyone has in the
Buddha's teaching.
But however the ignorance is blocking, that let's remove that ignorance, dullness, so it shines,
grows, peace, happiness to everyone.
Not just only now, but forever, really we can sense it from our heart.
This is very powerful practice with Varyasat, so the bodhijata practice, thinking of all the beings
.
When we practice this, truly we are making very difference, right in our heart.
That will reflect to our family, friends and neighbors and countries, and then goes on and on.
As ripple effort, ripple effort, unending shines that power goes to everywhere.
This is so special practice, so increasing activity. That is what this mainly practice is.
Passifying, increasing is again so special, so significant to do this practice at the beginning of
the new years.
Begin the new year with these practices.
And of course every country has different new years, almost every country has different new years,
this and that new years.
But this new year is one of the biggest new years in the world, everywhere this is.
And this is again, therefore, I mean, whatever the consumption make that, this is true.
It happened on a illegal level. So this is the biggest new years.
And this biggest new years, we are making something, big practices, very beautiful practices for
ourselves, for all the beings.
So therefore again, great joy and apprehensions.
This is one of the beautiful moments, beautiful time, beautiful things to do.
And how lucky, how beautiful that I had the opportunity to practice at Togedai, with Sangameva get
Togedai.
One intention, one thought, one goal, one mental.
And within that frame, we are intensifying our inner bodhicitta, the bodhic, the love and kindness
as fire comes.
So that is really about this practice of Vaija Sattva.
And then of course, when we practice the Vaija Sattva, as we read this already, we practice this in
India.
We visualize ourselves as Vaija Sattva, man, female.
That means not just the only kind of small location of Vaija Sattva that we practice, entirely
universal.
Whole phenomena system is transformed, it is already in that state, not transformed.
It's just that we bring up that nature without block it by the dualities.
That's what in the beginning time, we join this prayer in here, Sanskrit, what is it?
Om Mahay, Shuneta, Jnanam, Vender, Sobhama, Atmaku, Hung.
That is what the practice is.
It's beyond the duality, beyond the ego traits.
It's a natural state of the salt-borne awareness, wisdom status.
That is what it is, nature.
So, go back to our origin and natural status.
From there, then here, in the teachings, this is one of the great teachings of the Vaija Sattva
by Gaurabhayama Sambhava and revered by famous Tehtung, Rinzi, Jumi, Dordi, or Tehrdalumba.
It's teaching all the words of Gaurabhayama Sambhava.
All, Purnama, Samsara, Nirvana, organly, unbound, emptiness from which.
That means everything is beyond the duality, no grasping, no clinking.
From that, everything appeared in the beautiful and then we became ourselves as Vaija Sattva, we
see.
Vaija Sattva is an accidental, versatile body.
That is what we visualize.
So, all phenomena is within that mental status, we join this.
So, that means our body or every poem are the Vaija Sattva.
Every sound system of the Vaija Sattva, sound or sound, the wisdom of the blissfulness,
every thought or the emptiness is the wisdom mind of the Vaija Sattva.
And male and female, completely United States.
With that visualization, now we're going to visualize, right in front of, in the fire,
we visualize that same nendala, same thing, like as in self reflected image of the Vaija Sattva.
In the fire, that is what we're going to visualize.
So, now to do that, again there's some more praise ceremonies that I have to do and I will do,
but then we all, when I begin to decide this praise, that moment or when the fire is begin to light
,
that moment, this fire is becoming the nendala of the Vaija Sattva.
First is, also there's two stages and first is, the fire is just a regular fire in a way.
Regular fire only and that will, that, and then instead the fire transform the wisdom fire
and within that, Vaija Sattva, male and female and again, just exactly self, self, what's called
the same image,
self reflected image that as what we visualize as a rainbow body and then we will visualize
and make all these offerings and we can everything forward as we go this praise.
So, that is the brief kind of reminding of these practices and now it's really the beginning.
So, to begin this, again, as I said, I will do, so other, this more kind of like formal practice,
about the detail one and then we come forward with the detail.
[MUSIC]